add locking device orientation section to orientation cookbook recipe (#9242)
flutter/website: src/cookbook/design/orientation.md

  <img src="/assets/images/docs/cookbook/orientation.gif" alt="Orientation Demo" class="site-mobile-screenshot" />
</noscript>

> ## Locking device orientation

Author: I didn't add a number in this case because it was after the "interactive example" as an extra, and not part of the step-by-step process described at the top.

In the previous section, you learned 
how to adapt the app UI to device orientation changes.

> Flutter also allows you define the specific preferred orientations
> that your app supports. You can either:
> 
> - lock the app to single orientation like only portrait up position or
> - allow multiple orientations like both portrait up and down, but not landscape.

Reviewer: I was confused by "portrait up/down", but then got to the link at the end of the section and saw that they're values for `DeviceOrientation`. That should be made clear where we first mention them, so maybe link to `DeviceOrientation` upfront:

```suggestion
Flutter also allows you to specify the orientations your app supports 
using the values of [`DeviceOrientation`]. You can either:

- Lock the app to a single orientation, like only the `portraitUp` position, or...
- Allow multiple orientations, like both `portraitUp` and `portraitDown`, but not landscape.
```

> In the application `main()` method,
> call to [`SystemChrome.setPreferredOrientations()`]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the application `main()` method,
call [`SystemChrome.setPreferredOrientations()`]
```

with the list of preferred orientations that your app supports.

> You can also pass a list with a single item
> to lock the device to that specific device orientation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To lock the device to a single orientation, 
you can pass a list with a single item.
```

  <img src="/assets/images/docs/cookbook/orientation.gif" alt="Orientation Demo" class="site-mobile-screenshot" />
</noscript>

## Locking device orientation

> In the previous section you have learned 
> how to adapt the app UI to device orientation changes.

Reviewer 2: **suggestion (non-blocking):** Tighten up the language.

```suggestion
In the previous section, you learned 
how to adapt the app UI to device orientation changes.
```

> However, Flutter also allows you define the specific preferred orientations
> that your app will support.
> This allows you to lock the app to single orientation 
> (e.g. only portrait up position)
> or to allow multiple orientations 
> (e.g. both portrait up and down, but not lanscape).

Reviewer 2: **issue (blocking):** Tighten the language, fix verb tense, remove parentheticals, and fix spelling mistake.

```suggestion
Flutter also allows you define the specific preferred orientations
that your app supports. You can either:

- lock the app to single orientation like only portrait up position or
- allow multiple orientations like both portrait up and down, but not landscape.
```

In the application `main()` method,
call to [`SystemChrome.setPreferredOrientations()`]
with the list of preferred orientations that your app supports.

You can also pass a list with a single item
to lock the device to that specific device orientation.

> Check [`DeviceOrientation`] for a list of all the possible values.

Reviewer 2: **nitpick (non-blocking):** Condition, then instruction per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/sentence-structure).

```suggestion
For a list of all the possible values, check out [`DeviceOrientation`].
```
